Adjust tile probabilities according to tiles already placed?

Terminology
	Edge matching puzzle

Anchor points:
	Corners
	Middle of edges
	1/3 and 2/3 along each edge*
	* Notional positions that can be adjusted to any symmetric formation, e.g. 1/4 and 3/4

0	1	2	3	4
15				5
14				6
13				7
12	11	10	9	8

3 or 4 lines meeting at the corners of several tiles
	Use probabilities to decide whether to use 1, 2, 3 or 4 colours (flow / don't flow)

Colours
	A chosen number of basic colours (1-15 plus background colour)
	Colour varies along the length of a line
		Normally fixed hue (except when fading between hues at a junction)
		Hue or saturation or brightness or opacity varies between chosen minimum and maximum value (or no variation at all)
	OR across the width of a line (shaded like a pipe)

Multiple layers
	Background tile patterns

Tile 18 (cross)
	Fill central circle with a random desaturated rainbow colour?

Tile Sets
	No.	Reference	Shape	Filled
	0	Corners 	Line 	No
	1	Corners 	Curve 	No
	2	Middles		Line 	No
	3	Middles		Curve 	No
	4	Corners 	Line 	Yes*
	5	Corners 	Curve 	Yes*
	6	Middles		Line 	Yes+
	7	Middles		Curve 	Yes+
	* The anchor points are actually the mid-points
	+ The anchor points are actually the 1/3 and 2/3 points

Choose a selection of tiles
	Can be from multiple different tile sets

Tile Sets Variants
	Draw / Don't draw path outlines
	Round off the ends of lines by drawing into a neighbouring cell (or don't)

Colour Assignment
	Colours don't necessarily have to flow, can be contrasting instead
	Probability parameters for flow/don't flow
		Generally flow through a tile to another port / flow backwards from start point
		Connections at tile corners (2 probability distributions)
			Max Directions	Option 1	Option 2	Option 3
			3				Straight 	Bent 		T-shape
			4				Straight 	Bent 		Cross
	Modes
		1 Flow / No flow
		2 Same for each tile of the same type
		3 Assign colours and shapes based upon colours in a bitmap image (https://newscentral.africa/geometric-art-litema-sesotho/)
		* Divide the palette into groups of N colours ( N in 1..ceil(numColors/2) ) for the purposes of Flow / No Flow and for flowing the property that varies along the length.
			* Possible one group with fewer colours
			* N must be at least 2 if the flow probability isn't 1
	"A or B" style connections
		E.g. For Tile Set 7 it should be able to connect a semicircle with just one quarter circle
	Option to have the colours in the palette organized into contrasting pairs so the same colours always contrast each other.

Filled Tile Sets
	Background colour flows like the other colours (or isn't used at all)
	But no two colours can be the same

Tsuro tiles
	8 anchor points (1/3 and 2/3 along each edge)
	Anchor points joined in pairs

Custom tileset
	Uploaded from multiple graphics files
	Recolourable?

Tile Selection Order
	Outwards from the centre of the screen (so that it zooms from the centre)

Tile Patterns
	Fully random
	Recursive
	Specific pattern expressed by a code
		Numbers and (lower case) letters: select which kind of tile (base 36)
		Random tile type: R (capital)
		Blank tile: space
		Pattern separator: |
	Randomly generated pattern code

Modes of pattern codeword interpretation (in addition to fully random option)
	Repeat X, Repeat Y
		Begin with the first pattern.
		Repeat the pattern horizontally.
		Switch to the next pattern when beginning a new row.
		Once every pattern has been used then return to the first one.
		Mirroring options (optional):
			Horizontal: enter the required patterns manually
			Vertical: 01|23|45 becomes 01|23|45|4'5'|2'3'|0'1' where 0' is the vertically flipped version of tile 0
			------
			Implications for middle line tile set:
				Mirror Horizontally
				Swap digits: 1&4, 2&3, 6&8
				Swap bits: 1s & 8s, 2s & 4s

				Mirror Vertically
				Swap digits: 1&2, 3&4, 5&7
				Swap bits: 1s & 2s, 4s & 8s
			------
	Repeat X, Permute Y
		1 Begin with a random pattern.
		2 Repeat the pattern horizontally.
		3 Switch to a different random pattern when beginning a new row until each pattern has been used once.
		4 Once every pattern has been used then choose a random pattern, different to the last row rendered so far.
		5 Keep selecting different patterns until every pattern has been used again.
		6 Keep repeating steps 4 & 5.
		Vertical mirroring option: mirror rows and then repeat instead of Steps 4-6
	Permute X, Repeat Y
		Same as Repeat X, Permute Y but X and Y are switched (including the length of the patterns running down the screen)
	Permute X, Permute Y
		1 Begin with a random pattern.
		2 Choose different patterns until each pattern has been used once or the end of the row is reached
		3 If the end of the row has not been reached then repeat the entire sequence of patterns until the end of the row is reached.
		4 Begin the next row with a random pattern different from the first pattern used on the first row
		5 Keep choosing patterns randomly until each pattern has been used once on the second row or the end of the second row is reached. Use patterns that weren't used on the first row before reusing other patterns. Try not to begin the same pattern at the same offset as on the row immediately above.
		6 Once every pattern has been used as the first pattern on one of the rows completed so far then repeat the entire structure generated up until that point.
		Vertical mirroring option: Insert Step 5a to vertically mirror everything generated so far before repeating it.
	Context-Free (or sensitive?) Grammar
		| represents a new line
		A group of "start" patterns
		Expand a given number of times or until the screen is filled
	Vertical mirroring options may or may not include mirroring the middle/final row (user's choice)

	Random But Use Patterns
		No repetition left-to-right. Just keep choosing different patterns and fill the screen, left to right, top to bottom.
		If a pattern doesn't fully fit onto a row then wrap it onto the beginning of the next row.
		When we begin a new row and a new pattern at the same time then start from a random offset within the pattern, not necessarily the first tile in the pattern.

Modifications to the Mode of repetition
	Offsets
		For the repeating modes, each column or line can be offset by one or more spaces (like fitting Tetris blocks together).
	Probabilities for mutation. Two types:
		Probability of mutating into a rotated or flipped version of the tile in the pattern.
		Probability of mutating into any other type of tile, randomly selected.
	Symmetry enforcement
		Two shape fields:
			F|0	No prescribed symmetry
			F|1 Mirrored horizontally
			F|2	Mirrored horizontally and vertically
			F|3	Mirrored vertically
			T|0 Twofold rotational symmetry
			T|1 Twofold rotational symmetry with horizontal mirroring
			T|2	Twofold rotational symmetry with vertical mirroring
			T|3	Fourfold rotational symmetry
		A field that controls symmetrical versus explicitly different colours

Mouse Interactions
	Click to change tiles. Two modes.
		1 Click to stamp the selected tile type.
		2 Click to rotate.

Above & left, right and below placement conditions
	Only used in fully random mode
	Based on whether the other tile has an output at a particular anchor point
		Add checkboxes to tile designer UI to require/prevent/undecided connections at particular anchor points
	May sometimes return true when a condition is not satisfied (randomness)
	Condition checking can be enabled or disabled on a per tile type basis
	Minimum path length condition
	Incorporate blank tiles into the logic
	Opportunity to invert special constraints


Special Renderings
	Randomize curve control points per tile
	Drop shadow
	Draw faint grid lines (grey level parameter)
	Stone effect
	3D effect
		Alternating columns: thin and dark lines, thick and light
	Increased line width in lower rows

Animations
	Colour flowing along the "pipes"

	Sliding
		Direction parameter (in degrees)
		Translate the direction into x and y movements
			E.g. (3, 1) means move the pattern 3 cell positions to the right and then 1 position down.
			At least one of the movements is always a 0 or a 1.
		Divide the screen up into groups of columns and groups of rows of a chosen width and height (in cells)
		Randomly choose an x-offset and a y-offset
			E.g. 6 columns with a screen 30 cells wide and an x-offset of 1 means that when we slide up or down we slide column numbers 1, 7, 13,...
			Change the offsets and directions a specified number of times during the animation.

	Control points of curves flexing (oscillating back and forth)
		can draw outside of the cell

	Gradually rotating one or more tiles (chequerboard selection)
		0 Raise tile (3D effect, increase shadow)
		1 Rotate
		2 Place tile down
		3 Make minimum changes to the colours so that still flow properly
			Quickly fade colour through black or white (nearest).

	Building outwards from a single tile

	Mutations by one or more simultaneous random walks
		0 Start at a random point
		1 Change the tile to a new tile type
		2 Move to a new tile
			Prefer to move out of the current cell in the direction of a line
			Prefer to move into a neighbouring cell if it has a line exiting into the current cell

	Maze traversal
		Filling in the background coloured parts with another colour

Embellishments
	Pill shapes inside the pipes
	Could be animated (like walking ants)

Remapped Spaces
	Curves going out from the centre to the edge of a circle and curves perpendicular to them (Clock 52)

Tile Shapes
	Horizontal offsets for top, middle, bottom and vertical offsets for left, centre and right, thus generalizing:
		Rectangle
		Chevron
		Parallelogram
	Triangular
	Brick wall variants of the above
	Hexagonal (serpentiles)
	https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euclidean_tilings_by_convex_regular_polygons
	Fracture parameter: https://www.amazon.co.uk/Fractured-societies-coming-apart-together/dp/0008463964

More systematic tile numberings (than currently in the folders)
	Covers most (not all) tile designs

	Tile Sets 2 & 3
		Each edge of the cell has 2 potential edges
			A line from the middle of the edge to the centre
			A line from the middle of that edge to the middle of the next edge
		Each potential edge is assigned one of ten values
			0	No line drawn
			1-9	The index of the colour used to draw the line
		8 digit decimal code plus 4 additional bits (1 hexadecimal digit) to indicate if edges of the second kind are straight or curved

	Tile Set 4
		4 digit code.
		Each digit signifies the colour of one triangle.

	Tile Set 6
		Similar / same as sets 2 & 3.
		8 decimal digits plus one hexadecimal one.
		Each of the 8 digits signifies the colour of one half of a quadrant (triangle).

	Tile Set 7
		8 decimal digit code
		One shape+rotation digit per quadrant
			0	Nothing
			1	Quarter circle, Orientation 0
			2	Quarter circle, Orientation 1
			3	Quarter circle, Orientation 2
			4	Quarter circle, Orientation 3
			5	Quarter ellipse, Orientation 0
			6	Quarter ellipse, Orientation 1
			7	Quarter ellipse, Orientation 2
			8	Quarter ellipse, Orientation 3
			9	Rectangle
		Two colour digits per quadrant (0-7)
			One for the area covered by the shape described.
			One for its inverse shape / the background.
